# Welcome to Hangman! 👋

## Statement of Purpose and Scope

Hangman is designed for enterainment purposes. If you're bored and need something to do you can turn to this hangman app. It can provide a fun distraction when you need a break using single-player mode or you can play with friends using multi-player mode.

### What Hangman will do

There will be three executable files - one to launch single-player mode, one to launch multi-player mode and one with both options included. In single-player mode the app will ask the user for their name and then will generate a random word for them to guess. The user will be able to input single letter guesses and also full words. This will continue until the full hangman picture has generated or the word has been guessed. Multi-player mode will work in the same way, however, names will not be asked in this mode as the number of users is not limited. On game over whether won or lost there will be ASCII art generated of a cat. Which art is generated will depend on the outcome. There will then be the option to play again or exit.

### Target Audience

This app is targetted towards gamers, lovers of words and anyone needing a distraction from whatever is troubling them. The user will need access to the command line so this would be more suitable to a Mac or Linux user or a developer.

### How The Audience will use Hangman

Hangman will be launched from the command line using any of the executable files listed in the usage section of this README.md document. The game will have single-player mode where a random word will be generated by a gem for the user to guess or can be multi-player mode where one person will enter a word for the others to guess. There is no limit on the number of players in multi-player mode, however, only one user will be able to type the guesses at a time due to the limited functionality of the command line interface.

## Author

Ashley Smith
